wrike 490430334 - strip p tags from meta description, add meta images (#25)
vtex-apps/wordpress-integration: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - strip paragraph tags from wordpress meta descriptions, add support for wordpres post image meta tagging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Strip paragraph tags from wordpress meta descriptions.

### Added
- Support for Wordpress post image meta tagging.
```
